Spread operator (#105)
WordPress/wpcs-docs: wordpress-coding-standards/php.md

add_action( 'action_name', array( My_Class :: CLASS, 'method_name' ) );
```

### Spread operator `...`

> The spread operator (or splat operator as it's known in other languages) is used for packing arguments in function declarations (variadic functions) and unpacking them in function calls in PHP 5.6. In PHP 7.4, the spread operator is also used for unpacking arrays (string-keyed array unpacking is available since PHP 8.1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spread operator (or splat operator as it's known in other languages) is used for packing arguments in function declarations (variadic functions) and unpacking them in function calls in PHP 5.6. In PHP 7.4, the spread operator is also used for unpacking numerically-indexed arrays, with string-keyed array unpacking available since PHP 8.1.
```

> Spread or splat operator (as it's known in other languages), is used for packing arguments in function declarations (variadic functions), and unpacking them in function calls in PHP 5.6. In PHP 7.4 the spread operator is also used for unpacking arrays (string-keyed array unpacking is available since PHP 8.1).
> 
> When using the spread operator, there should be one space, or a new line with the appropriate indentation before the spread operator. There should be no spaces between the spread operator and the variable/function call it applies to. When combining the spread operator with the reference operator (`&`), there should be no spaces between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spread operator (or splat operator as it's known in other languages) is used for packing arguments in function declarations (variadic functions) and unpacking them in function calls in PHP 5.6. In PHP 7.4, the spread operator is also used for unpacking arrays (string-keyed array unpacking is available since PHP 8.1).

When using the spread operator, there should be one space or a new line with the appropriate indentation before the spread operator. There should be no spaces between the spread operator and the variable/function call it applies to. When combining the spread operator with the reference operator (`&`), there should be no spaces between them.
```

```php
// Correct.
function foo( &...$spread ) {
    bar( ...$spread );

    bar(
        array( ...$foo ),
        ...array_values( $keyed_array )
    );
}

// Incorrect.
function fool( &   ... $spread ) {
    bar(...
             $spread );

    bar(

>         [...  $foo ],.../*comment*/array_values( $keyed_array )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        [...  $foo ],... array_values( $keyed_array )
```

While relevant for sniffing, I think we can just leave the comment out of the code example.

    );
}
```

> _Usage in WordPress Core_

Reviewer 2: If the PHP info gets moved to the bottom, this paragraph can possibly be removed completely ? (as the PHP info block already mentions all PHP version restrictions)

> The spread operator can be used for packing arguments in function declarations, and unpacking them in function calls, but cannot be used for array unpacking, until the minimum PHP version has been raised to PHP 7.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spread operator can be used to pack arguments in function declarations and unpack them in function calls. However, it cannot be used for array unpacking until the minimum PHP version has been raised to PHP 7.4.
```

add_action( 'action_name', array( My_Class :: CLASS, 'method_name' ) );
```

### Spread operator `...`

When using the spread operator, there should be one space or a new line with the appropriate indentation before the spread operator. There should be no spaces between the spread operator and the variable/function call it applies to. When combining the spread operator with the reference operator (`&`), there should be no spaces between them.

```php
// Correct.
function foo( &...$spread ) {
    bar( ...$spread );

    bar(
        array( ...$foo ),
        ...array_values( $keyed_array )
    );
}

// Incorrect.
function fool( &   ... $spread ) {
    bar(...
             $spread );

    bar(
        [...  $foo ],... array_values( $keyed_array )
    );
}
```

[info]
The spread operator (or splat operator as it's known in other languages) can be used for packing arguments in function declarations (variadic functions) and unpacking them in function calls as of PHP 5.6. Since PHP 7.4, the spread operator is also used for unpacking numerically-indexed arrays, with string-keyed array unpacking available since PHP 8.1.

> The spread operator can only be used once in a function declaration and has to be used with the last parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When used in a function declaration, the spread operator can only be used with the last parameter.
```
